I really got cheer my boy Hong Kong be
not a lot Kazuya gonna beat down to the
ground Nina you got an even looking kind
of sweet but I got cuz we lookin sweet
with the red I been ready terminator i
know i'm saying i was a little bit of
lag right here sure I messed up get back
haha cuz 12 foot a win you know no I'm
sane dirty come on
yeah you're jolly okay
oh yeah good job oh he finished it okay
good good job
yard yeah good good go yeah yeah finish
it off finish it there's room enough for
this lucky stuff
sure ah good good
come on
yeah are you playing off script I gotta
wash my back and all at cha
yeah oh snap this battle inch right now
you want a cake I got cake late oh I got
King for you get down moving on up cuz i
move it over there whatever that means
that's the sweetest blimpo's in the game
right there that's why I'm talking about
anything you can hold a button to get
that when I was trying that junk that's
the sweetest mark there with the
Terminator hi to kill